Once you've gone through all the official steps for NPM in it and just clicked through all of the options
you should have a package is on file that appears so you should be all set.
The next thing is going to be to install our first and only package that will need for this course.
So the way you do that is NPM install light LITV dash server and then dash dash save dash dev.
This may take a while for it to download but all of this is really going to do is download a very lightweight
server and that we can spin up very easily without having to worry about a lot of setup.
So I wanted to do it this way because this isn't a no geas course so I don't want to assume too much
now after we go ahead and start installing light server the next thing I want to do is open up the package
JS on file and all we're going to do is add to our script right here.
So right after test I'm going to add a comma and then there we go start.
And then after that colon in quotation marks light dash server.
Now whenever this finishes downloading all we're going to have to do is run NPM start and it'll automatically
spin up our light server on our local machine.